1)Test Scenario Elements*
+Tests Preconditions:
-Navigate to https://demoqa.com page
-Click on "Elements" field
+Tests Environment: Google Chrome Web Browser

1.1 Test case "Text Box"
+Test Description: Verify that submit button works if all fields are filled with valid data

+Test steps:
1. Navigate and click on "Text Box" button on the left side of the screen
2. Navigate to "Full Name" text field ,click on it,and enter valid text
3. Navigate to "Email" text field and ,click on it, and enter valid text
4. Navigate to "Current Address" text field ,click on it, and enter valid text
5. Navigate to "Permanent Address" text field and enter valid text
6. Navigate and click on "Submit" button
7. Assert that there is text with provided data shown under the text fields

+Test Parameters:
-"Full Name" field text: Aleksandar
-"Email" field text: alepetrovic93@gmail.com
-"Current Address" field text: Maksima Gorkog 22
-"Permanent Addres" field text: Dzona Kenedija 1

+Expected result
There is text:

"Name:Aleksandar
 Email:alepetrovic93@gmail.com
 Current Address :Maksima Gorkog 22
 Permananet Address :Dzona Kenedija 1"

 ,present below the text fields and "Submit" button

 1.2 Test case "Check Box"

 +Test Description: Verify that Excel File.doc is clickable

 +Test Steps:
 1.Navigate and click on "Check Box" button on the left side of the screen
 2.Navigate and click on the right pointed arrow,on the left side of the "Home" field
 3.Navigate and click on the right pointed arrow,on the left side of the "Downloads" field
 3.Navigate adn click on checkbox on the "Excel File.doc" field
 4.Assert that checkbox that was clicked is checked

 +Expected result:
 There is Text:
 "You have selected : excelFile"
 ,written under the "Excel File.doc" field

1.3 Test case "Radio Button"
+Test Description: Verify that clicking on radiobutton "No" is disabled

+Test Steps:
1.Navigate and click on "Radio Button" button on the left side of the screen
2.Navigate and hover the radio button that has "No" written next to it
3.Assert that cursor changes to "blocked"
4.Click on that radio button
5.Assert that there is no text written underneath

+Expected result:
Element is not clickable and nothing happens if it is clicked

1.4 Test case "Web Tables"
+Test Description: Verify that new row is inserted into table when Add button is clicked and valid data is provided

+Test Steps:
1. Navigate and click on "Web Tables" button on the left side of the screen
2. Navigate and click on "Add" button
3. Navigate to "First Name" text field ,click on it,and enter valid text
4. Navigate to "Last Name" text field ,click on it,and enter valid text
5. Navigate to "Email" text field and ,click on it, and enter valid text
6. Navigate to "Age" text field ,click on it, and enter valid number
7. Navigate to "Salary" text field and enter valid number
8. Navigate to "Department" text field and ,click on it, and enter valid text
9. Navigate and click on "Submit" button
10. Assert that new row with inserted data is added to the table

+Test Parameters:
-"Full Name" field text: Aleksandar
-"Last Name" field text: Petrovic
-"Email" field text: alepetrovic93@gmail.com
-"Age" field text: 28
-"Salary" field text: 1200
-"Department" field text: QA

+Expected result:
There should be :
Aleksandar Petrovic 28 alepetrovic93@gmail.com 1200 QA
,written in the fourth row of the table

1.5 Test case "Buttons"
+Test Description: Verify that action stated on the buttons can be performed

+Test steps:
1. Navigate and click on "Buttons" button on the left side of the screen
2. Navigate and double click on "Double Click Me" button
3. Navigate and right click on "Right Click Me" button
4. Navigate and click on "Click Me" button
5. Assert that there is text that describes the performed actions written bellow

+Expected result:
There is text:
You have done a double click
You have done a right click
You have done a dynamic click
,written under the "Click Me" button

1.6 Test case "Valid Links"
+Test Description: Verify that clicking on link text navigates to stated page

+Test steps:
1. Navigate and click on "Links" button on the left side of the screen
2. Navigate nd click on the "Home" linked text
3. Assert that new tab is opened in browser,and it leads to home page

+Expected result:
There should be new tab opened, that has URL "https://demoqa.com/" and is on the home page of the tested website

1.7. Test case "API call Links"
+Test Description: Verify that links return stated message when clicked

+Test steps:
1. Navigate and click on "Links" button on the left side of the screen
2. Navigate and click on "Created" linked text
3. Assert that there is a message present under the all links, that contains word "Created"
4. Navigate and click on "Moved" linked text
5. Assert that there is a message present under the all links, that contains word "Moved"
6. Navigate and click on "Not Found" linked text
7. Assert that there is a message present under the all links, that contains word "Not Found"

+Expected reuslt:
There should be message that contains linked text that was clicked on present under the "Not Found" link text every
time link is clicked on









